One, two, three, two, off!
Welcome, one and all, to Meltdown Connors in Hollywood, California.
Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Wow.
Thank you for coming out on a holiday weekend.
Alright, Jeff, we got a lot to do tonight.
Let's get down to business, Harmont.
Okay, so, society corner.
Do you want a theme for that, or no?
Do you want to jump in?
She got one handy.
Let's do...
Society corner.
It's some advice about how to run a society.
It's a corner where that society lives.
Society corner.
Society corner time.
It's about how to run a society.
How to run a society where the society lives.
It's called society corner.
Corner corner.
Okay.
Yeah, we've got them training to expect less.
You guys understand, the show is improvised.
Right this shit.
I know it comes off like a highly polished gem,
but this is completely just off the cuff.
Okay, so...
I'm making up no expressions.
It's off the shit.
Spencer, our Dungeon Master, came up with...
and I were driving along.
Spencer is also my chauffeur.
He's my Dungeon Master chauffeur and B-assistant,
as opposed to A-assistant, not like apiary.
Wait a minute.
Is that right?
Apiary?
Is that B?
Okay.
But we came up with this when we were watching a fire truck drive by us.
We were talking about, okay, there's fire trucks.
What is it like to be a fireman?
And they sit in that station and they wait for fire alarms.
And a lot of times it's like somebody that's been hurt.
They're the first response, often the paramedics on board.
If somebody just loses a foot or something,
not on fire at all, they're the first there.
So Spencer and I came up with a new pitch,
and if you're listening and you work for civic government,
please take this to heart.
Firefighters should leave for fires earlier
by not getting dressed at the station.
They should take their fire gear with them.
Leave the station earlier, thereby increasing chances
of getting to a fire when it's smaller.
And if they need to get dressed, they can do it on site.
Same amount of time increased the chances of catching a fire when it's smaller.
And of course, there's the people that lost a foot
and it's not on fire at all.
Just show up in a shirt and jeans.
Take care of it.
Is there a fire?
Oh, let's put on our rubber pants.
Now, the taxpayers would appreciate a good show.
Oh, they're getting in their rubber pants.
Don't do that in the station.
You don't know where you're going.
You don't know how big the fire is.
Get the fire truck over to the fire.
It might be tiny right now.
That's a very good idea.
Do you think that when the dispatch comes out for a call
and they go, hey, we got a guy, he has a broken foot,
they don't get full fire gear, do they?
I don't know.
I don't know how it works, but there's room for improvement.
In my mind, because you see them driving to things
and there's the hook and ladder and there's a dude in the back.
He has his pants on, but he has like a t-shirt on with the suspenders.
And you know what, they wear those, right?
I think I've heard that.
But yeah, I think it's a very sound idea.
Okay.
All right, so I don't know if you want to spend time
on this bartender concept.
We were talking to the green room.
We brought it up.
Last week we talked about, oh, wouldn't it be nice
to have what we're calling a bartender,
but that does not mean anything legally definable.
We're worried about the idea that it might be illegal
in some way for meltdown,
but we're not going to have somebody up here
serving drinks to the audience
and being paid for that service,
because that would be against the Alcohol Beverage Commission.
Also, the person, and I'm not kidding about this,
they wouldn't be handling liquor at all.
They could just be an ice tender.
Ice tender?
Yeah, they could just put ice in the cups.
There's only one booze up here.
Who's going to pour the vodka?
No, we would have the vodka.
The hard part is the ice.
The hard part is that it interrupts the show
when people are putting microphones down
to deal with alcohol.
Ice. It's the ice.
It's easy to pour vodka into a cup.
I've done it a thousand times.
It's hard to get the ice happening up here.
Would we get in legal trouble if somebody was over here
making me a vodka on the rocks?
Making you a vodka on the rocks?
That I don't know, but I know for sure it's totally legal
for someone to put ice in a cup
and hand it to an alcoholic who has
his own designs on the cup.
They could still be a bartender.
It's just a bar of ice.
Then we sidestep all of the municipal issues.
Then you're going to want to still stop
and open up the bottle and then pour it in?
I think that this conversation
is putting ice in the cup of the evening.
I was just trying to help make it faster.
I don't want anyone to get arrested.
I don't want...
I think we just have somebody make you drinks.
All right, okay.
We're not charging for it.
Basically, if Camille came out here
and you said, hey, Camille,
would you, while I'm talking,
would you grab a cup with some ice in it
and throw a little vodka on top of it?
I don't think we get in trouble.
We're just meeting a new friend that's going to do that service.
How do we meet that person tonight?
That's a conversation we have to have now.
Who traveled the farthest?
This guy.
Nashville? Can somebody beat Nashville?
North Carolina.
South Florida.
You're China?
South Florida?
Versus Australia.
Australia wins.
Australia, get up here.
If you want.
Putzman!
If this is a stunt,
you better be willing to fake one of the hardest accents there is.
It's deceptively hard, mate.
I've tried it.
Crocodile, mate.
Come up here and grab a microphone.
Come on up here, young lady.
Grab yourself a mic. What's your name?
My name is Sarah.
Sarah?
Say something with an Australian accent.
My name is Sarah.
I'm from Australia.
You don't sound particularly Australian.
You came here from Australia?
Yeah, bloody earth I did.
Wait, but like, you came to the show from Australia?
Do you live here for the last seven years?
No, no, I'm from Australia.
Going back there.
You came here for the show?
No, no.
Well, we wouldn't really want to live in that world.
Then this is a terrible show.
She came here on a 15-hour flight.
Alright, Sarah, one of my favorite things about Australians,
and I have a lot of Aussie friends,
is that they make the word N-O.
No, a three- or four-syllable word.
Say yes or...
No.
No? That's good.
That's also always a question, no?
That's very convincing.
That's a good Australian ID.
She's either Australian or she's Meryl Streep.
That's great.
In either case, welcome.
What was your name again?
Sarah.
Where do you want to situate her?
I think for now...
Let's have her just sit in that seat closest to the ice bucket, right?
Okay.
Maybe between Spencer's table and...
The one over there.
The stage right chair, Sarah.
You also offered to pay for this, right?
This is a paying gig.
Oh, sure. Let's see what I got.
I'll chip in, too.
What do we say?
You want to go with the price?
Well, I said $100, but I meant Australian.
What is the exchange on the Australian dollar right now, do you know?
I just know that whatever you offer somebody there,
they say that's not that currency,
and then they pull out a bigger form of currency and say,
that's that form of currency.
20, 40, 60, 80...
It's amazing that people still get that reference.
It's so funny the things that make it through the sandstorms of time.
Sometimes I make references here.
To the disco ball lady in dance hall days,
everyone was just stone faced.
What are you talking about, grandpa?
But then for some reason,
we're all going to just permanently retain Paul Hogan's
three-year stardom in the United States.
It was very culturally impacted.
I only have $15. Can I chip in that?
Yeah, I have like 80. We're getting close to our mark.
Do I have this?
80.
I have $17.
85.
We're going to put that close to 100.
95.
There you go.
That should be...
That's it.
$100, paid in advance.
Okay, this show is like hitting the ground running.
Sarah, I'd like a drink.
He likes vodka on the rocks, so let's...
Let's see what happens.
Now we're allowed to just ask you for a drink, right?
It's not going to be a bullish thing for me to say,
Sarah, get off your ass and give me a drink.
No, yeah. We own her now.
We've subjugated her.
That's the easiest $100 anyone's going to make.
I'm going to make it fucking so hard on you, Sarah.
You're going to wish you'd never moved from Australia to here.
You're going to wish you said, nah.
All right, so I don't know how long we can continue to delay this.
We have a superstar in the wings tonight.
We have an internet superstar.
Do we really?
Yeah.
I was backstage. I didn't see any.
Oh, I forgot.
We do have a man that might have changed social media for good.
Yeah, I guess...
Let's just bring him up and get to it.
Please welcome the inventor of what salon.com calls Schrabbing.
Rob Schrabb.
Thank you, sir.
gorgeous. Perfect.
Sarah says she brought me a vodka in the rocks,
and she wanted to make sure that it was to my liking.
It has equal parts vodka and ice.
So, Schrabb.
Yes, Davis.
What started as you haranguing our producer, Dustin Marshall, on Twitter,
or Instagram, by just...
I got good at it.
You got really good at it.
Take us through the rich history that is Schrabbing.
Like, how do we get to this place?
We're salons writing.
What I would call a very Woodford...
Woodward and Bernstein's article.
It really got to the bottom of it.
Yeah, or not.
I'll give you another choice.
You can explain why, when you woke up during your colonoscopy,
that you chose to pretend to stay asleep.
Wait, what?
Let's talk about either of these things.
Okay, I'll talk about the colonoscopy.
Because I don't really know an answer to that.
Your question.
Yeah, it started off as a thing and then became...
The Schrabbing phenomenon, if we can call it a phenomenon,
which I believe now we can, right?
I'm not going to make that bold of a statement.
What blows my mind about Schrabbing is that everybody now tries to Schrab a Schrab.
You can't...
You can't Schrab a Schrab.
You can't do it.
But also, it seems like an easy bit.
Seems easy.
But everybody does it wrong.
Deceptively.
It's like the Australian accent.
You also said that a lot of people,
because the headline of the article was like the king of trolls,
that there's a lot of people just trying to now just troll you.
Do you throw me?
They'll tweet to me and it's like,
hey, Schrab, you're a piece of shit.
Why don't you go kill yourself?
Try saying smart to that.
Didn't think so.
I didn't become the king of trolls, I'm quote, air quotes,
king of trolls by dethrowing the other king of trolls.
There was no guy before you.
That was like Johnsoning.
Yeah, there's not prison yard rules.
You don't take down the troll.
You do it.
You put in the hours.
You work hard.
And you're just a business.
You're a work-a-day troll.
Yeah, yeah.
No, you do put a lot of elbow grease into it.
How many followers did you gain, like a zillion followers?
I had like 15,000.
Like, thank you.
It was one person with 15,000.
And then after like the podcast,
I went up to like 20,000.
I got like 19 now.
This was 5,000 people.
Yeah, in like two weeks.
All right, colonoscopy.
Okay.
What do you want to know?
Well, they put a camera up your butt.
They sedate you before.
Yes.
I was recently in for an endoscopy.
That's the other way.
These kids will learn all about this stuff soon enough.
It becomes de rigueur, I believe the phrase is.
Now they want to check out your tuchas.
They put a camera up there, a little robe on a little Mars rover.
They sedate you.
They want to put you under.
The anesthesia didn't take.
It took right away.
The nurse goes, okay, you should start feeling a little dizzy.
And I'm like, I really don't feel.
And then I was gone.
And then what I'm going to say is probably halfway through the procedure,
I start waking up and I open up my eyes.
And there's a big screen in front of me because I'm laying on my side
and the screen is there because on the other side,
the doctor's like sticking this up my butt.
And I get to see what's inside my butt.
This was the poster for the Truman Show, remember?
Right.
And in my brain, my brain goes, you should say something.
And then I imagine myself saying something like going,
I'm still awake.
And it just sounded like begging to be made fun of.
That's your concern in that moment.
Yeah.
As you're living through everyone.
And then I got...
Rob, you're a director.
You could just say cut.
Moving on.
Check the gate.
I mean, really check the gate.
But I was going to say something.
I was going to say something.
But then another voice in my head said,
no, wait, I want to see if these guys are going to talk shit about me.
So I kept my eyes closed and I just, I sat there.
And then actually I told this conversation to my dad who I,
you know, like the next day because he says,
how did it go?
I woke up in the middle of it, dad.
Oh.
The cat is in the cradle in the silver spoon.
Little boy.
And we're on speakerphone in Kate's car because we're driving to Topanga.
And I woke up in the middle of it, dad.
And he goes, oh, that must have been weird.
You know something?
It wasn't that bad.
I was just silent.
Just, just, maybe okay.
It wasn't that bad.
Well, your dad was in the Navy, right?
Too close to home, maybe.
Probably.
Where he met my mom.
You can tell him I said that.
He's the fan of yours.
The, I just am amazed at how much different do you think had to do with the chemical reaction in your brain?
Like how high do you think you were and how lucid do you think you were making a decision?
Like I'm waking up in the middle of the American public's worst medical nightmare,
which is failed anesthesia, which happens once at a 10,000 times.
And you're, you're waking up, which, and you make a decision based on like peer pressure.
And like a weird, like you want to know whether or not people make fun of your intestines behind your back.
Yeah.
And you say, yeah.
I would be curious to know what kind of shit they might talk.
Look at this guy's fucking lower fucking colon.
Oh my God.
Eat Taco Bell much?
All right.
Like the twist and turns like, oh, we got a Scotland highway here.
So someone's going to Glasgow.
Yeah.
I mean, come on.
Come on.
I mean, if you work at a restaurant and you know, you're a waiter and you come back in the kitchen,
you go, man, table eight, what a bunch of dickheads.
And we should spit in his colon.
Yeah.
Hey, wake up.
It's great.
Oh, thanks.
You know, I never, I didn't tip him.
I should have done that.
Yeah.
Rob, do you want to drink from Sarah from the Outback?
I'll have a yes.
Can we get a kettle one on the rocks?
Thank you, Sarah.
No, no, we pay her.
We pay her.
No, I didn't tip her.
Now that this gets into the illegal right now, is this money?
Oh, shit.
I only got 100.
No, it's a receipt from El Pollo logo.
And by the way, I mean, like he keeps acting like that shopping thing in salon was like, like no big deal,
but he was texting and like, like he was like, I was like, you fucking asshole.
I hope you're happy.
And he's like, this is all I ever wanted.
And then he texted me later and said, Jessica Alba is following me now.
Because Jessica Alba, I'm meeting Jessica Alba's social media assistant probably is following,
was following me.
I noticed at one point, I'm sure it made you very jealous.
And so you texted me, Jessica Alba is following me now.
And Valerie Burton-Elly.
And I, and I.
Valerie Burton-Elly.
You mean Queen of the Trolls?
Yep.
That's, that's who I took down.
Valerie Burton-Elly, you think you're so cool.
Fuck off.
Take it.
That's what I'm going to do.
All right.
This one guy, this one guy, like right after the podcast was like, like, was Schrabbing me.
It was like going, oh, what is this?
Like three times in a row and failed every single time.
And then like the fourth one he was, your bits getting old.
He ran out of gas on you.
Yeah.
Like I went out, I was at work and then I noticed like this train of this guy is like every
15 minutes.
And then on the fourth tweet, your bits getting old.
I think you got to get some new material, buddy.
Okay.
After, after four times.
Is the, is the book deal, is it going to be, is what's your book going to be called?
Like what is this book called?
Humble Bragg.
Just a, just a crown way heavy on the King of the Trolls.
So heavy.
A lot of responsibility.
And my fingers are so aching from.
I'm so proud of the Camel's not here tonight because he will be.
I think Camel hates me right now.
Camel, yeah.
I think he absolutely, I've been texting him and writing him like, hey, Guardians of
Galaxy is one o'clock.
What do you think?
Nothing.
Usually you would be like, hey, we're going to see Star Trek into darkness.
Come on.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Not anymore.
He's kind of busy.
Busy.
Not liking me.
Yeah.
Well, I kind of, I'm kind of eager to bring Spencer out because there's a, there's also
a new segment I'd like to do with him.
You think that would be okay to bring him at this early?
It's never too early to bring Spencer out.
All right.
Spencer Crittenden, everybody.
Who's coming?
Spencer, don't, don't mix up those person.
Hey, what?
Don't mix, don't mix up those person.
I'll fucking kill you, man.
Don't mix them up.
Two person.
Are you live-Schrabbing right now?
What is that?
You're just, can I just be topped off with ice, Sarah?
I don't actually need more vodka.
Or maybe a little bit more.
Spencer, have you met Sarah?
Yeah, yeah.
I met it on the way up and the way down.
You don't really drink though, do you, Spencer?
No.
Would you like a drink while we have Sarah?
No, no.
I'll go bad.
I'll just spoil immediately.
Spencer, I brought you up early because you mentioned something in the greener when I was like,
okay, stop, save it for the stage.
To catch us up, you're, you're, stop me if I start to become insensitive about this.
That's an option?
Did you hear about this?
I haven't been on the show in a while.
We would have no-
Stop him if he becomes insensitive.
GI Jeff would have been a different story.
Stop me if I talk too much.
Since you've joined our family, Spencer, your parents have broken up.
Yeah.
They were kind of, as we've discussed it in the past, like, you kind of felt like maybe
you were the glue that was holding them together.
Yeah, you know, I've long theorized that.
And then you moved out.
We've watched Spencer grow up from a, from a young waif, an urchin in the back of the
Apple Star.
He's now a producer and I think a hanger, a hanger, hanger about in the writer's room
and like, well, you're-
Also an unlicensed bartender.
Yeah, you may, oh yeah, constantly getting me drinks.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, but, but you moved out of your parents' house and then they immediately went
their separate ways.
It was pretty immediate.
And the last time we saw your dad, he was bounding up from the audience and he was
like, hey, it's me, Spencer's dad.
Oh yeah, Spencer has testicles.
So, so the thing is, so now your, your parents have gone their separate ways and this is,
this is not unfamiliar to me.
When I was like 10, my parents had a little separation year.
Yeah.
But you're much older than that and this seems more permanent than theirs.
But much like my parents, it kind of like, now you're watching your parents kind of like
do their own thing.
Yeah.
And your dad has gone to Central America?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure he's in Columbia right now.
And, and so I said that to Erin and she was like, is he going to be okay?
It's like the kidnapping capital of the world.
Like, sorry if you're a Colombian Harmontown fan.
Also don't get kidnapped.
It's safer there now.
Okay.
Thank you.
We got it.
We got a Colombian update.
Um, the, but, but you, so your dad, and now you told me in the green room, you said
your dad is sending you updates.
Like there's letters.
And man, I keep, I keep, he sends these emails and started out just like, Hey Spencer, just
wanted to let you know, I got off the plane.
Okay.
My phone exploded, but then it was fine again.
Or like, you know, whatever, I stubbed my foot.
Do you stub a foot?
I don't know.
But, um, he, he, he would just send me little things, but then it turned into this like
Christmas style newsletter that would just happen and the email, like the list of recipients
got longer and longer.
And there's people that I'm pretty sure are just my little brother's friends that like
received this newsletter.
And it's weird.
Is it, is it just called like, uh, Mike's missives?
They're all, they're all cleverly titled individually.
Like there's no title for the actual thing.
Like he hasn't, no, each of them is like its own beautiful vignette.
If you think about example, he had an email that was like, Oh God, I fell asleep.
I'm getting a haircut.
Never fall asleep in Columbia.
How about never fall asleep getting a fucking haircut?
That's an insane person thing to do.
I fall asleep getting haircuts all the time.
That's crazy.
You have a lot of faith in Europe.
I was going to say your opponent, your bartenders, bartender, your bartender, what do you call
it a barber?
A salonist.
I don't call him a bartender.
I call him a bartender.
Maybe this is my problem.
No, but your barber, you, you don't count, man, your neck's going to be moving all around.
You don't, you don't fall asleep stock still.
Last time the haircut you're currently looking at, I, I was fast asleep during that.
And apparently my neck was not flapping around or maybe it was.
That's why it looks like this.
Maybe you just got an iron neck or something.
I mean, I wouldn't be surprised that that's what the ladies say at that point.
I have a general rule, I, uh, I never travel anywhere where one of the rules is don't fall
asleep.
Well, I don't know if the rule is actually don't fall asleep.
I think the only places that that's applicable in pop culture are the asylum where Freddie
Krueger survivors live.
Is he in like Medellin or Bogota or what's he doing?
I think he's closer to Bogota.
He, he, he was.
Is he on a vision quest?
Is he doing ayahuasca?
I wish that'd be so respectable.
He's, he's trying to, you know, get by.
It's cheaper to live there.
He's teaching English.
Oh, so he's gone there, not just for kicks.
He's gone there to make his way in the world.
Yeah.
He wants to, you know, eventually get, get a job and I'm like, uh, one of those, uh,
TV companies out there stationed out there, you know, he used to work in TV.
That's great.
That's, that's admirable.
It's very cool.
It's certainly interesting.
What's your mom doing?
Uh, you know, burn.
She, she's, I just, this is the perfect, I want to get a T-shirt like a Rob Schrab, like
a Schrabbing T-shirt that says, what is this T-shirt or what T-shirt is this?
And then on the back, it says like, who is Rob Schrab or something.
Remember when Rob used his own technique to promote the found crap thing?
He said, when is this thing I'm promoting?
So the thing, all right.
Anyways, I wanted to, I was going to say you've become Rip Taylor, uh, the, uh, but before
we move on to your mom, yeah, he's panamining confetti, but it's better with confetti.
You can't just, you can't, you can't, before we, before we, before you answer about, about
your mom, I just want to, I want to ask about your dad, uh, are you trying to get off her
mom?
Yeah.
Yes.
I thought of that earlier.
Uh, I didn't get an opportunity to say, do you think your, your dad probably, I would
guess he probably, not to flatter us, but he probably is listening.
Don't you think?
Ah, maybe.
I mean, you never know.
Cause what else is he doing down there?
I really don't want to flatter him.
Yeah.
I mean, well, he's always having adventures.
It's kind of amazing.
Spencer, do you want to fire off, assuming he's listening, which he, you know, he most
certainly is.
Do you want to fire off a missive to him right now?
Uh, I don't know who you're sending all these fucking, or how many people you're sending
these emails to, but it's kind of ridiculous.
So, all right.
That was it?
Yeah.
This is how our communications go.
They're very matter of fact.
All right.
You, yeah.
Right.
Ring, ring in your, uh, your recipient list.
It's offensive to all the people that you are sending it to, or have to feel like a piece
of shit.
Yeah.
I have to scroll past it all to get to the, you know, I'm on the list for certain like
people.
That's an LA thing.
A big, a lot of times it's like, like an actor will just send out a newsletter that's
like Steve's daily Gazette or monthly, monthly Gazette.
Yeah.
It's like, it's been a weird month for Steve.
I found a lot of solace in the documentary, uh, uh, Chocolate Man.
Uh, it's the story of a thing and he'll just talk about what he's been watching and it's
like, it's addressed to, and I want to say to like Steve, like, you know, have the balls
to tell your grandma you love her.
Don't send her a fucking newspaper because she's the only one who gives a shit about
any of this and you're treating her like a fucking plebe, like just email your grandma
and say, I love you.
Thank you for taking an interest in my shit.
Yeah.
Everyone else is like, Steve's, what?
What is this?
Yeah.
He had an audition for the shield.
What the fuck has he taught?
What?
That's canceled.
Have you, have you seen, have you seen Chocolate Man?
So true.
Yeah.
I mean, I've seen, I'm assuming you've seen Chocolate Man.
It's riveting.
Yeah.
It's, I mean, the guy can't keep, uh, the sad thing is that he can't keep a pet dog.
Like, he loves dogs, but his livelihood is chocolate and they just keep dying on him.
Wait, wait, why can't Chocolate Man have a dog?
Chocolate is poisonous to dogs, but only really dark chocolate, but Chocolate Man is deals
in dark, dark chocolate and he loves dogs.
And no one will pay him to love dogs.
So it's, it becomes, as the New York Times said, it becomes an unwitting expose of dog
culture, uh, what starts as a, as a, as a chock, chock a, chock a journey, dumb, stupid.
That's not a, that's not a play on words, it's not a play on words.
New York Times is not what it used to be.
Yeah.
No, no, no.
It's just a block now.
Remember that guy that reviewed the podcast?
He's like, uh, Aaron's got a poo cast.
Kumeil Nanja Johnson is doing great.
Jim Davis is funny as always.
All right.
That's the New York Times.
It's really weird.
And Salon will just do an article about Shra, but then clearly they're running on vapors
out there.
Right.
A couple other websites too.
Oh yeah.
This, this is a story, this is a story of legs.
Did it catch fire?
Did it make it to TMZ?
What's that?
I sent it.
I sent you another article.
No.
I texted you.
I said, most of the time when you text me something, I'll click on it and it's just
a dude with two dicks in his mouth.
Only two dicks?
Yeah.
Like.
Schrab's not what he used to be.
I was the three-dick guy back in the day, but so lazy to do the work.
But, but, but so, so I didn't, by the way, I didn't retweet the Salon article.
I'm very, very proud of you, but I kind of, I'm really conflicted about it.
I'm boycott, I boycott Salon because of that weird, I don't know, they did a weird hatchet
job on Patton Oswalt and I don't think that kind of stuff should be rewarded.
It was like that weird, it was just a, I just like, I'm not, I'm not clicking on it.
What was the tweet that he did that got there, Dandruff?
Who knows?
Whatever it was, it was ironic.
You don't, you don't get more progressive and not racist than, than Patton Oswalt.
He doesn't give a fuck about, he's like, he's a, he's a comedian.
He's been, he's been making people laugh for a really long time.
Patton, as far as I know, is one of the most flagrant bigots I've ever seen.
I don't even want to talk about it, I'll get my dander up and then I'll, then my dander
will go up.
Don't do that.
Yeah.
Keep that dander down, man.
I prefer it to be dripping into my, uh, cough, than my, my cup.
Um, I don't know why I'm looking at this anymore, let me see if there's anything else
on here.
Uh, did I ever tell the story about, uh, uh, Suckin' Dick?
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
Davis.
No you did not.
Please continue.
And it's down.
It keeps scrolling.
I do not have that honor.
Chaplin does.
I wrote it.
The night is young.
Uh, my, uh, uh, one time, uh, did I ever tell this story that one time a friend of mine
that it's kind of like a super hacker.
He let me know that my iCloud account had been hacked.
And that's why now I use this one password thing,
like this app, because I was using really easy passwords.
And he let me know, yeah, we're tracking this guy.
He set up a thing, he hacks people's cell phones
and high-profile people, and they traced back
this whole operation that this guy had set up
and it started with Cameron Diaz's cell phone.
Thank you.
Two cell phones away from Cameron Diaz.
That's, I'm not in her cell phone,
but someone who is in Cameron Diaz's cell phone
has my number, probably Ben Stiller, from 18 years ago.
All right, not a good story.
Sorry about that.
I thought it was interesting, put it in my Evernote.
That was the whole story?
Yes, yes, yes.
I want to know about the dick sucking.
Yeah.
Yeah, why'd you drop that?
Do you want to have that on her?
Do you want to be on her?
Rob, would you honor Dan?
I would love to.
What does that mean?
I've been a podcast where two straight guys
just started sucking dick.
I think they wouldn't be straight guys if that happened.
That's not, well, I don't guess it is.
Yeah, well, okay.
Two straight guys could suck a dick.
Especially, you know.
If one's when you're kind of.
Sucking dick for an audience.
For a cause.
Yeah, for a cause.
If you do it to raise awareness of something.
Unless it's to raise awareness of sucking dick.
Then it's.
Raise awareness of how much you like a dick in your mouth.
Then that's just, that's not charity.
But the, hello to all our homosexual listeners.
How are you?
We believe you're human.
We value your listenership.
Sorry.
I think that was implicit until you said that weird
disclaimer.
That was a weird apology.
Also the word homosexual is now,
it's the new like Afro-American.
It sounds kind of weird on the tongue, doesn't it now?
Homosexual. Weird on the tongue.
You know what else feels kind of weird in the tongue?
Rob dick.
What do you say now instead of homosexual?
Gay?
I think, yeah, well, I don't know.
It's weird.
I mean, it's not that it's a bad word.
It doesn't sound kind of clunky now.
It's kind of, he's saying it's kind of a mouthful.
I don't know why I keep looking at my phone.
I don't have anything on here anymore.
I'm just like.
Because there's pictures of dicks on it.
I don't like fundraising at the office,
unless it's for charity.
What in the sec way is going on?
That was the last thing on my phone.
So like book drives?
Listen to me, like, I'm not opposed to it.
I'm not telling you to stop doing it.
Here's what I'm saying.
I think it's weird.
I think we have accepted something as normal
that's very weird.
I think that we all work at offices and office environments
and we're all pretty familiar with the fact
that every once in a while someone comes to the office
and they'll just kind of announce
that their niece, Katie, is going to Scotland
to play soccer or learn to play the trumpet or something.
Nothing to do with any disease or anything.
It's just like, just some kid is going to do something
and then everyone at the office is kind of like
subtly pressured to like buy a Kit Kat or something.
I just think it's really weird
that we accept this as common behavior.
I'm assuming your office meeting Starburns?
Well, I'm not complaining about anyone
that works for me right now.
I'm just saying it's-
People come in and say,
hey, my daughter's going on a trip and everybody pony up.
By applause, how many people have been in an office
where this has happened?
Smattering.
That's a well, well, easily 1,100 people.
Yeah.
It happens outside of the grocery store too.
You never know, you ever notice this?
You ever see one of these?
You're going into the grocery store?
You're trying to make-
Rob, are you about to break into one of your
patented universal comedy bits?
Yeah.
Yeah, you walk it in and you see him
and then what do you do?
You pull out your phone.
Who I'm checking a text in you?
Right by, man.
No, I will not have a chocolate bar.
No, I do not want that.
I'm looking at my phone.
I walk too fast.
I told you the story about the guy that came to my door,
at my house, and he had a baseball cap on it.
He had kind of a Kevin James sort of build.
And-
So, very fit and lean.
And he rang my doorbell and I came out and-
And I said, of course I'm in the middle of something.
No one is ever sitting in a glass chamber
waiting to interact with a stranger at their door.
So, that's another thing.
If your hobby or vocation involves costing strangers,
try to remember you're in the middle of their lives,
not the other way around.
All right, well, sorry.
Sorry, we're new at this.
Sarah went to get Jeff a drink and I let it derail the show.
Are you okay with this?
I'm so sorry.
She's making a hundred dollars.
We're in the-
She's already made it.
She can walk out the door right now.
She could just disappear into the night
and she would have a hundred dollars too.
We saw a crocodile dundee too.
Not only can she leave, she can go somewhere
that even cartels can't get her.
She could put like bats in bags
and throw them on our campfire.
And we'd be like, ah, I carumba!
Did that happen?
Yeah, Sarah, you've already made your money, Sarah.
If at any point you want to just disappear,
you're allowed to.
You're not beholden to stay up here on stage.
Although, we would love you to stay.
I think her date applauded that.
No, I think she was beholden.
We gave her a hundred bucks.
She's gonna give us 50 if she leaves.
All right.
What kind of crazy-
I'm just saying, it's not indentured servitude.
Oh, I mean, if you wanted it that way,
we'd say we'll give you a hundred dollars
at the end of the show.
I'm gonna give you $20 to please sit down
because you're making me feel bad.
He's paying you $20 to devalue my hundred.
What kind of crazy-
I put 17.
You paid 83, whatever.
Right.
All right, Sarah, I mean, you're free to go.
I'm not gonna be Sauron.
I think stay.
Do what you want.
Yes, keep it, keep it, keep it.
Also, keep my guilt money.
The reason why I feel bad is
because we have a woman on stage
and she's not talking at all.
As always, there's a bunch of dudes sounding off
and that we have a gal on stage.
Give her a microphone, Dan.
This microphone costs $15.
Yes.
What's like a good Aussie like bar drinking, bar song?
How about the person I asked?
Is there like an Aussie toast, like a famous cheerer,
like a poem or a rhyme or anything like that?
It would be Aussie, Aussie, Aussie,
and then everyone goes oi, oi, oi, oi, oi, yeah.
Didn't they do that on the man show
when Kimmel was on there?
Did they do some kind of thing like that?
Yeah, we got it in Mexico, people knew it.
Is that right?
Yeah.
I love that.
It's nice.
What part of Australia are you from?
Melbourne.
I went there once, it was quite lovely.
It's very funny people, very nice.
Is it true about the toilets?
Is that an urban legend or is that true?
That they're full of poo?
No, that they swirl in opposite directions.
Yeah, the southern hemisphere.
How long did that take before somebody figured it out?
You know, because they're living on the other side of the world,
and then, I mean, somebody would have had to have gone to the bathroom,
stared at the toilet, went, ooh, counterclockwise,
and then jumped on the plane, flew to America,
and then immediately did it.
Dan, are you pouring yourself a drink right now?
Yeah, you guys freed our indentured servant.
No, she stayed up here, she had a job to do.
Put that ice back in the bucket.
Here, I'll take the ice.
I'll take the ice.
No, let her do it.
We fucking paid her.
I'll take the ice.
I'm so fucking confused.
This is exactly what was happening in America in 1848.
Like, there was a lot of like, we...
Can you pass it down, pass it down?
Look, it's to our discomfort
that it happened to be a woman that came over.
I said, guy, you wouldn't be bothered by this at all.
No.
I wasn't bothered with it.
I love throwing money at people and just like,
that's what I do with Spencer.
Easy, easy, easy.
Everybody wins.
Yeah, okay.
You're better than my stand to show up full paint spray.
Adam, sit the fuck down.
Adam?
Adam, sit down.
I'll pay you $20 to shut the fuck up.
No, I don't have any more money.
Get away.
Get away from me.
I just, I like a lot of ice.
When the home audience doesn't know right now,
the listener doesn't know.
Adam is hiding behind a beam right now.
And he's holding a vial.
I said, water bottle.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
He's wrapped around a pillar like a snake.
Like the water bottle in the end of 12 monkeys.
Am I mistaken, Adam?
Or I don't want to bring you up on stage.
I really don't.
And Adam, I say this with all due respect.
I love you.
I respect you.
No, not as due, but all is offered.
I do like you, Adam.
But when Abed on the last show was up here,
were you losing your mind because you got out Asperger'd?
Yes.
Because you were firing off like quips and fucking non sequiturs.
Like, you couldn't believe there was a guy on stage
that was weirder than you.
Evil knows evil.
You're out of a job.
Yeah.
But why are you standing until well lit?
Now you're kneeling in the Iowa.
Are you going to murder us?
Someone took your chair.
What are you doing?
Quick, run, everybody.
The entire audience.
Run away.
We'll meet back in 20 minutes.
Adam, you're the only person that's standing poised to charge the stage.
I just want to say, if you give her the mic stand,
she'll have both her hands free to four drinks.
That's all I wanted to add, so you can get more drinks.
There we go.
I mean, but I'm not giving up my mic stand.
Thank you, Adam.
You were trying to liberate her genius.
Yes.
Fantastic.
Thank you, brother.
Adam Goldberg, everyone.
I'm not clapping.
No, I'm not clapping either.
And I have a mic stand.
I could clap all day.
That's why my lack of clap means something.
Sorry about Adam.
Have you ever listened to the show?
Do you know what's happening?
Yes, I have listened to it before.
Okay.
I don't know if maybe there was a wayward poaching expedition.
You got drank darted and stuck in a crate.
And now you're here and you're like, wow.
Do kangaroos really box?
Is that a thing?
Yeah, there's some really tall kangaroos.
And when they get up on their hind legs, they're like six foot tall.
And if you make them angry, they will punch you in the face.
With their front paw.
With their boxing gloves.
That's like a natural thing they'll do?
Yeah, because they get up like this,
and they're like really, really high, and you can't give them.
Then they're like, wow.
And people mistake them for like giant mice.
Yeah, well, I mean.
No, no, only, only.
Holy cow, look at that giant mouse.
It's as big as a kangaroo.
I think only, I think only.
Giant mouse.
Only Sylvester the cat from the cartoons thought I was a giant.
All right, this is why I dance.
Oh, oh, father.
But here's a fun thing to ask our foreign guests.
Popculturally, what is something that is on TV in Australia that's very,
like kind of home-brewed Australian entertainment,
pop culture, that every Australian kind of knows,
but that once you leave those waters,
like you find that it just drops off entirely.
Like it's just like this Australian thing.
Is this you trying to find out if they watch community in Australia?
No, no, no, no.
That's a transnational export from Conglomerate.
I'm saying like, I was like, somebody from Montreal will go like,
lickity dick, toodle dick.
And you're like, what are you talking about?
And they're like, you know, the little dicks.
And you're like, what the fuck are the little dicks?
It's a, it's a, you know, and it's like,
I always find this really amazing to hear about these things.
Like, is there something like that?
Yes, there's TV shows like Kath and Kim.
Kath and Kim.
Oh, I know that.
Which they did in American Vision, which didn't translate.
There's a movie called The Castle.
Um, yep.
So that's like, everyone in Australia can quote that movie.
Like, from the start.
What's the movie The Castle about?
Um, it's about this family's small suburban town.
Why do you hold your mic to your face to make that distracting sound?
It's about a small suburban.
So it's, yeah.
So it's just like a-
What is the movie Castle about?
But the fuck your head?
It's not about a castle.
It's not.
Okay.
Okay, go ahead.
It's just-
Okay, what is it about?
It's just like a typical-
Where do they live?
They don't live in a castle.
Uh-huh, okay.
It's a metaphor.
Yeah.
Are you fucking eight-year-old?
And also, there's a movie called The Castle in the States,
and it's not-
James Gandolfini in a prison.
Like, it's not-
It's against Robert Redford.
All right.
Stop yelling at me.
You should have-
Next time you wake up and there's a camera up your ass,
just say, excuse me, excuse me, madam.
I happen to be conscious.
Could you please give me more, whatever you put in the-
If I woke up in the middle of a procedure
where they told me beforehand I was supposed to be asleep,
I would fucking start making a lot of noise.
Listen to Rob, Rob, Rob thinks you have to have a monocle
in a top hat and be British.
That's such a fancy thing to say.
You're ass-raping me.
That's so fancy.
I would just say you-
I wouldn't want to be pretentious.
That would have been probably-
I paid a lot of money to be asleep for the next 12 hours
and I'm awake during the thing.
I would feel like it's just a good idea to say,
I'm awake and put me back to sleep or stop-
I should have just started screaming as loud as I could.
That would have-
Then they wouldn't-
They would have been, oh, shit, fucking get him,
fill him up, dump the shit on him, make him go to sleep.
All right, what's the castle about?
It's about a small family.
They live in a little-
Mark Castle can't make it through college.
Until he met a friend.
Dress up like two women.
Mate, I got the perfect apartment.
But there's a catch.
We got to dress up as koalas.
Now, wipe out-
What?
That's going to be great.
This is going to be great.
Please, no, no, this is going to be great.
What's castle about?
Please continue.
What's it about?
It sounds like a great show.
Okay, so it's just about a family,
like a nuclear family living in like a normal suburban town
and they love their house, like the everything set castle.
Then a-
Really?
Yes.
And then a big airport company.
I don't know the word.
Qantas.
Qantas, they get Qantas.
Come along and say,
basically we need to knock down your house
because we need to build a runway
and you have no choice in the matter.
What's the name of the airport?
Castle Airlines.
Drawbridge?
I don't think-
What do you guys- there's aren't jokes.
That's what I'm doing?
I'm redefining the word.
And does the father in the house make a stand
and go like,
you're not taking my fucking house?
That's awesome, see?
It's a good show and you're missing.
All right, great.
Next show.
Okay, what's Squiggle Puss about?
No, made up a show.
Made up a show.
I want to know about Lickl Dicks.
What's a-
Dan, did you see the pilot of Lickl Dicks?
There was a thing.
I dated a Canadian a long time ago
and she in the middle-
So I was like, it was like,
clickety-click barba trick.
It was like the barbapapas,
that's what it was called,
for our Canadian listeners.
Barbapapapas?
Canadian listeners will know what I'm talking about.
There's a cartoon called The Barbapapapas.
But you know, like, I owe-
She would like-
You would reference Scooby-Doo
and she'd be like,
what's that?
And then you could just make up anything
about Scooby-Doo you wanted.
They'd be like,
yeah, well Scooby-Doo is this dog
and he was a ghost.
So he haunted them?
Yeah, the dog haunted them
and told them to solve crimes
or else he'd kill them.
Like, because you just find out
she doesn't have,
but then she would go like,
oh, it's like a barbapapa.
That's a real thing, barbapapa.
They were like these blobs
that would turn into bulldozers.
All right.
Oh, I've seen that.
I love when you go through
like a Canadian airport
and you just look at the corner of the-
There's a TV in the corner.
There's like a purple dog
with a unicorn horn going like,
and that solves that.
And you're like,
this isn't foreign language.
So like what?
It's amazing that I've never seen this.
It's just like,
it's done with all the polish
and they have their own little
Gilligan's Island up there.
They're just,
they're making radios on a coconut
and cartoons about purple ducks.
Is there a radio station in Australia?
I'm almost certain there's several.
Okay, like-
WNG, The Boomerang.
Coming back with the hits from the-
That's what I mean.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Put your hits on the barbie.
Here's Bill Collins.
What is,
what is Slick Rick and Batman
talk about in the morning?
It's like a morning zoo team.
Yeah, what is their catchphrase?
Slick Rick and Batman.
Slick Rick and a Batman.
Coming at you.
Wait, we're better than two cups of coffee.
Come on.
Rob, you be Batman.
Dan, you be Slick Rick.
I want to-
G'day, g'day, g'day, g'day, g'day!
Whoa, O.J. Simpson.
Not getting any breaks this morning.
Ed, don't know what's going on with that.
Point.
If you're driving to Sydney today,
stay off the three.
What's the three all about?
Oh, Reggie.
We'll be back with Reggie later.
But first, here's an update about the-
The pinch at the pump.
So answer the question.
Sorry, sorry.
So Slick Rick is not the rapper Slick Rick from the 80s.
He's just-
No, they don't know about that thing.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's spelled with without the C.
All right.
So is there like a radio team?
Yes.
Knew it.
Is it two guys?
It depends.
There's different type of radio stations
that-
And there's different demographics.
Example.
So, I don't know.
It's hard to say.
But yeah, generally two guys.
It's pretty common.
Yep.
You don't know any names offhand like, like,
tube sock and-
Like, monkey whistler, monkey foot.
No, they don't have like DJ or radio names.
It's just like Matt and Joe.
Joe and Matt.
Yeah, we're more advanced.
We're so much more advanced.
Sarah, what is the antipodean
fascination with giving everybody a nickname?
So if your name is Jeff, you're Jeff-o.
Sarah, you have a nickname, right?
What do they call you?
Bertie.
Bertie?
I thought they were Bertie.
Bertie.
My last name's Bert, so Bertie.
Yeah, everybody has to have a diminutive nickname, right?
Yeah, that's-
That's like Steve.
Yeah, I don't-
Yeah, I don't know why they do that.
I think it's just more casual
and we'd just like to be casual, so.
Oh, fuck, wait a minute.
Wasn't there a zoo team in-
Was it Australian?
Those guys that called-
There was like a scandal where they called
and pretended to be a friend of the-
And they-
There was-
It was a horrible thing that happened.
Like, they did a little-
They did a prank about the-
There was the royal baby in England
and they pretended to be a nurse
or something like that or-
Yeah.
Talked to a nurse.
What it-
It went like this.
My cuff-
My cuff link managed to hit a button.
That's true.
It's yes.
It's a pretty sad story.
Basically, there was two DJs
and they called up the hospital
where Kate Middleton was giving birth
and they got through to a nurse
and they said,
oh, we're the queen or someone.
I don't know who they said.
And they said,
oh, what's happening?
And she was like, oh, yeah, yeah.
And gave all this information.
And then they aired it
and then the nurse killed herself.
What?
And she left a note saying-
Yay, Media!
Because of-
Did she gave up the good?
Well, she was humiliated.
She was humiliated.
Thought she would lose her job,
get in big trouble.
And she left a note saying
that these DJs basically had to
take care of her family now
and it was their fault.
Whoa!
Yeah.
And they've only-
Like, I think only one of them
has just gone back to work
like over a year later.
And he's like,
he's like very trepidatiously
his first day of work.
It's a squeaker in the morning.
Looks like it's high of 68.
Bit less of a pitch at the pump, then.
Who are-
Here's Bill Callens.
Yeah, it's funny to ask
because everyone that was affected
was on some island.
We got our own problems over here.
That's horrible for everyone involved.
I remember that.
That stuck out.
And I thought-
What really stuck out was
that they were Australian.
They weren't even like-
Because really honestly,
and not to-
I mean, it's very easy
when something horrible like that
happens to like jump on
whoever was immediately like,
what were you guys thinking?
But they were thinking,
we're Australian DJs.
We shouldn't be able to get away
with any of this.
And they were kind of like
trying to do a prank.
I'm not sticking up for anybody.
Yeah, whatever.
Everyone's on their edge of their seats.
Who's Dan in favor of in this story?
The baby.
Oh, no.
I was just going to say that
apparently in their defense,
they said they didn't want it aired.
And it wasn't their decision
in the end and some higher up.
Oh, nice.
That's true, yeah.
The suits did it.
Yep.
Is it true you guys drive
in the middle of the road?
Yes, yes.
Where does the other side turn?
When they turn right,
like they turn so far right
that they go left,
like it goes around.
All right.
Anyways, it's getting close to a D&D hour.
I want to bring out my lovely fiance
who almost didn't make it tonight.
Erin McAfee.
Hello.
Hi.
Oh, there's another mic.
I was told there's a mic on a chair.
Yep, yep, yep.
Nice.
All right.
Thank you for having me
at this town meeting.
No, no problem.
I'm excited.
You know we're going to the moon, right?
I heard.
I learned how to play a didgeridoo last night.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
Good night, everybody.
Erin, don't be racist.
Well, they're not like,
that's really offensive to Australian people
because you're supposed to use those
to call your clan to fight for you.
And then we just think it's like an instrument.
And we're like,
and they're like, who wants to fight?
It's like a false alarm every time they come over.
They get on a Qantas flight and they come over.
I heard the wow, wow.
And we're like, no, we was just having a party, man.
It's burning, man.
Yeah.
Well, thank you, mate.
I learned while in a pool, soup very sober.
And my friend was holding it down for me to play.
And that's, that's how I learned it.
How was it?
Photoshop.
Yeah.
That was a lot of fun.
Also on the way home, in our car, we were,
there was like an hour or not an hour,
about half hour where everyone in the car
got really good at our Australian accents.
And then we started to lose them.
Can I hear your really good Australian accent right now?
Yes.
Jeff.
Yeah, talk to Sarah.
Sarah.
No, no, I can do it.
No, that was a deaf Australian person.
That was a deaf Australian person.
More.
Buddy.
Come over later.
We're going to make pizzas on the barbie.
And, and we're going to talk about Joe.
He's been seven all the time.
And we're, and we're proud or concerned.
Sarah, scale of one to 10.
How was that?
Was that a passable accent?
It was English.
That's fair.
Does anybody really have a barbie in Australia?
Or is that just like?
Also, they don't call them shrimps.
They call them prawns.
You don't put a shrimp on a barbie.
Yeah, they don't call them shrimps.
They call them prawns.
Knock it off.
Why are you doing that?
I'm sorry.
Am I right, Sarah?
You don't say a shrimp on the barbie.
You would say a prawn.
Erin.
Well, yeah, no, I've never,
my dad's never put a shrimp on the barbie ever.
It's a prawn.
Well, that's a, that's a dad thing.
Or even a prawn.
No.
Did you guys like collectively say,
okay, let's stop doing it
because that's all we're hearing
every time we go over there.
Yeah, it's a bit cliched now.
We're just like, oh.
Yeah, no, but I'll say,
you don't, you don't barbecue a shrimp,
but you guys don't even call them shrimps.
You call them prawns, right?
Prawns, yeah. Yeah, we've been over this.
Erin.
Yes, Rob?
Erin, what songs did you learn
on the Digery Do?
I learned Slow Rumbling Wind.
I learned Mummy Opening His Mouth.
I learned Despair.
And I learned Hey, Ricola.
That's something different.
That's an Alpenhorn.
Well, you play it the same way.
It's the same song, different instrument.
Is that right?
Yeah, you have to, you have to relax
your lips like a,
like they're not a part of your face.
I'll teach you.
So you have to relax your lips
and then you blow air through your lips.
Like a jump, like.
Get up on the mic.
Get up on the mic there.
Great podcast.
Oh, Jim, do you, I'm assuming the answer is no,
but it'd be so cool
if it was yes.
Is there an Australian cinematic hero
from the 80s who like comes down to Australia
and he's not, he's not familiar
with Australian ways,
but he plays a banjo and he,
you know, he's like,
he's like always eating hot dogs.
And then he's like walking around
Melbourne, but he's like,
doesn't get it.
And people are like,
give me your wallet.
And he's like, whoa, that's,
that's a knife.
Like that really is a knife.
I would, this is a smaller knife.
That's all I have.
And then like, like he,
because he's like the equivalent,
you know, of the crocodile dandy.
Do you think it's cool
that all supervillains want Australia
when they join forces with aliens?
Do you?
Man, what's her problem?
Right?
Lex Luthor in the original Superman movie,
the list goes on and on.
Is your family from Australia?
Were your parents also from there?
Like,
No, they moved there in the 80s.
They're from their Irish.
Irish.
Interesting.
Can we hear your Irish accent?
Yeah, let's do that.
Yeah.
Sarah and Erin,
I want you guys to have an Irish conversation together.
Okay. Or contest.
Irish, Irish, come.
Specifically 80s Irish though.
Let's get magical, magical.
You know, the song that I started the show with,
was from Sanadu.
Yeah.
Which is, you know, Olivia.
Thank you.
I was talking to Sarah,
but you're welcome.
My wife lived next to Olivia Newton-John.
Is that right?
Yes.
I was on a cruise ship one time,
doing a comedy show and I was like 25.
And there were these two girls that walked
like in the middle of the night,
onto the pool deck and into the jacuzzi.
And I was like, oh my god,
these most beautiful girls in the world.
Then I realized, okay,
probably well underage.
They were like 15, 16 years old.
Okay.
So I was like, okay, these are little girls.
Then a woman comes out,
hotter than them by a mile.
It was the mother.
It was Olivia Newton-John.
She was fucking dead sexy.
She was like Olivia.
Bam.
Huh?
So anyway, I'm fucking Olivia Newton-John.
And I mean fucking her.
All right, let's try it.
What?
Baddie.
Is this Irish?
That I'm doing Australian.
No, no, no, you just,
not your Irish.
Irish, Irish.
This is Irish.
Oh, I thought Birdie was going to do
a Irish and I was going to do Australian.
You're both going to do Irish.
Both Irish.
We're both going to do Irish.
Yeah.
Okay.
Go.
Birdie.
Erin.
Birdie, I was, I was, I was,
I was fishing outside the school today.
And I saw a man that looked very
sad in a suit staring at the children.
He reached his vodka and repetition.
Were there yellow moons, green clovers, blue stars?
No, what did you, what did you think about that, Birdie?
I don't, I don't think he was a dab.
Any of the kids, no.
He didn't look like he had any sparkle in his eye.
I don't know how to do an Irish accent.
That sounded like one, maybe.
Maybe I was projecting.
Discretion is a better part of Valor.
I love that about you, sir.
Where's me gold?
Irish Jerry Seinfeld.
Oh, it's me, McSeinfeld.
Jerry McSeinfeld.
Oh, have you ever noticed that your clovers are never in the washing machine?
Oh, what's up with rainbows?
How many purple hearts do you need?
Isn't that for Vietnam?
What kind of luck is that if you got a purple heart?
It means you got bad luck, not good.
I just noticed these things.
Now, Dan, would you give me Korean, Korean Johnny Carson?
This is going to be bad.
Korean Johnny Carson.
South Korea, Johnny Carson.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Have you noticed?
I drive down Burbank today.
You sound like Mr. Brainwashed.
It was so hot in Burma.
How hot was it?
I noticed bird notice eating worms and spit it out so hot.
Russian Johnny Carson.
In Burbank, monologue, do you?
This is the worst show I've ever been a part of.
No, no, one more, one more.
Black Popeye.
Let's just make sure I'm in TMZ tomorrow.
Give me some Black Popeye, because I-
Black Popeye, Black Popeye.
Black Popeye.
Not doing Black Popeye.
All right, I got American Indian Roseanne Barr.
Native American Roseanne Barr.
Okay, Canadian Mr. T.
Hey, fool, I pity the fool that don't care about their mother.
Whoa, snuck in a Black Popeye over the plate.
Not cool.
Let's say that there was a movie called Black Popeye,
and Robert Altman made it.
And it was the full cast, but Popeye was Black.
Who would be the cast?
Curtis Fittysent Jackson as Popeye.
As Popeye.
Olive Oil.
Iggy is Azalea.
Jada Pinkett.
Zola Oil.
Black Olive Oil.
Tiny Lister as Brutus.
That's good.
Brut, Brut, Brut, Brut.
What's a Bruto?
What's his name?
Bruto.
Tiny Lister?
Yeah, if he's still got it.
Tiny Lister, yeah.
Still got it.
Never lost it.
Who's Poop Deck Pappy?
Morgan Freeman, for sure.
Morgan Freeman, if I can put it.
No.
Are you talking now or then?
Oh, then, I guess.
Red Fox.
Red Fox?
Oh, Red Fox.
We could sell this tomorrow.
If it were 30 years ago.
Exactly.
All right, so.
We could sell this yesterday.
All right, so you'd be Red Fox as a Poop Deck Pappy.
No, no, no, no.
I'm not going to be there.
All right.
Jeff, please do all the characters.
Hispanic Hogan's Heroes.
Hogan, you dick!
All right, great.
Yo, you locked us up in your homes?
Fucking let us out, dick!
I know some things.
I don't know why you would know more than this.
All right, okay.
Jump down your bed.
I'm sorry, Davis.
I didn't.
Eskimo Hitler.
Eskimo Hitler?
He's cold, but he's mad.
He's really cold.
All right.
Well, welcome to the Puerto Rican Churchill.
I feel like my heart is shivering.
Everything's getting nervous.
Give me some Puerto Rican Churchill.
I speak softly in homes and carry big stick homes.
That's Roosevelt, you fucking liar.
All right, fine.
Alligator Lincoln.
Abraham Lincoln, but he's an alligator.
Alligator.
He's an alligator.
Has an alligator.
Okay, first score, seven eggs ago.
Seven eggs ago?
How do you think Crock-n-Roll's Bizarre Time?
Alligators.
My eggs, all right.
Sarah, give me,
I want, let's see, Dan, give her one.
Give Sarah one.
Throw one on her.
Elvis as a robot.
Robot Elvis, Sarah.
Okay.
Okay, Sarah, just say, you ain't nothing but a hound dog and a robot voice.
You are no longer a hound, all right.
That was actually a really good Elvis, yeah.
All right, yeah.
Okay, so we should probably roll into the D&D.
What do we got?
We got everybody we need.
So we should probably say goodbye to, good night to Sarah.
No, Rob, you got to play D&D.
She was a bartender.
She's walking around with like 200 bucks.
No, she can stay, but we can bring somebody else to play.
I thought I was going to help Spencer tonight.
Oh.
Right now we should have enough people for D&D in general, right?
I mean, four players.
We talked in the green room about Rob being the dungeon master's helper.
I don't think that Spencer was involved in that conversation.
No, I think it would be cool.
Let's try it out.
Rob as Spencer's assistant.
Well, then we'd need another player.
Is Woolly Roberts here?
Woolly Roberts come to the stage.
Would you join us?
All right, so we're saying goodbye to Sarah.
Thanks, Sarah.
Thank you, Sarah.
But Sarah, if I want another drink, you'll still be in the room, right?
No, she's done.
Sarah's over.
Wow.
My reign has begun.
I think earlier we were trying to talk about Skyscraper Skip, right?
Skyscraper.
Yay.
Woolly Roberts, everybody, from the Real Life Sci-Fi, what's it called?
The Real Life Sci-Fi podcast, which is quite fucking good fun.
So I dig that. Also, Woolly is the clan leader of my Clash of Clans clan, and he is...
So you've got to come up with a better title for that position.
What about Grand Dragon?
Dungeons and Grand Dragons.
All right, so Spencer or Rob, as Spencer's assistant, it's your job to dispense the
character sheets for us.
Yes.
I heard someone gasp at that.
Erin, you weren't here last week, but Demorge played Dignity Sarsgard to great effect as Obama.
And I'm assuming that Willie will be Chris de Burgh.
There's no way he's doing that, right?
There's no way. I mean, I got Sharpie.
I don't know whose that is.
So Rob, look at the names on the top of them.
That one's Dan, yep.
Adventure. This is for Dan.
Head up to Dan.
This is a nightmare.
Rob, you're doing it wrong. You're doing it wrong.
This is an edit point for Dustin.
Spencer, do Turtle George Washington?
Uh, let's see. What did George Washington do?
He sailed across the Seven Seas.
Yes, that was exactly what he did.
Let's...
For you and the booth, I'm a...
Murderer.
I'm swapping mics so that my...
That's my way of reaching Sharp, so...
There we go.
On Christmas Day.
All right, so edit point back in.
All right, Spencer, we have...
That happened, right?
Didn't they murder a bunch of British people on Christmas?
No.
No. Either way, either way, Grace7Truth.org, Grace7Truth.org.
Also, while this is being all ridiculous,
I'm going to be up in Pittsburgh, I think,
September 19th or something that weekend.
You have dates now?
I have a date.
This is the first date I'll ever have.
Last one, too.
I'll be at...
This thing is called Knights of the Arcade.
It's basically an elongated version of the D&D
pot thing that we do here,
but they wanted me to come guess it up.
Elongated?
Yeah, it's like...
The whole session is like a D&D.
So it's 10 hours?
It's like 10 hours.
It's a real marathon,
but we provide free water,
and it's a great time.
If any of you guys who live in LA are out in Philadelphia...
What did I say, Pittsburgh?
Pittsburgh.
I don't know where places are.
Home of the sandwich.
What?
It's by the Monongahila and the...
Whatever the fuck, Rivers.
Home of the sandwich.
All right, so Spencer,
Willie, you're going to be Christopher.
He's a rogue and a thief,
and he wrote one hit.
He wrote Lady in Red.
Aaron has become Dignity Sarsgaard,
who last time was Obama, our president.
Spencer, do you want to take us away?
I feel like maybe Rob should take it away.
Yeah.
Read that first top paragraph.
So, I don't have my glasses.
Oh, man, get ready.
We are ready.
When last we met our heroes,
we're just outside the juicery,
where...
I can't pronounce that word.
What is that?
Darm von.
Darm von, the drunken knight accused
the local priest of misdeeds
and fell upon his own blade.
Father Tinder reacted by calling off
the Jewish tourer,
wanting to inform the wife and the kids,
but Sharpie insisted that they do it,
sparing him the trouble
and headed to Mrs...
Darm von.
Don...
Oh, shit, I scrolled down.
Take over, tag out.
Mrs. Darm von's home,
where they broke the news
and looked for clues,
convinced that the father was up to no good.
Meanwhile, Dignity and Chris de Burgh
went back to the constabulary
and met with Spizzbulb,
Bulb, the gnome they had saved.
They were immediately suspicious of Spizzbulb
when thoughts sought to flee,
but the party reunited
after Mrs. Darm von
spermed Sharpie's advances.
With Sharpie and Quark,
the gang retired and conspired
and drew up a plan to break
into Father Tinder's house,
hoping to find incriminating evidence.
But what would our heroes uncover?
What evils may they face?
What laws would they be breaking?
Find out now, time.
Teamwork!
You know, you never realize
that you think they might be good at something
until you see someone else.
What, what, what the?
I didn't bring my glasses.
You sure didn't, you sure didn't.
I can't read with the shape that small.
You sure can't.
What kind of...
It's not fair.
No, it's God.
You don't do notes in the middle of a show.
Oh, I do.
Who's not fair?
It's not cool.
The college hears themselves as
assistant Dungeon Master.
Assistant?
Not Dungeon Master?
Bring...
You said my glasses.
I didn't know I was coming up.
You didn't tell me.
Yeah, I didn't tell him.
I snuck him in.
I just, you know.
All right, Suspenser.
It's me and
Chris de Burgh
or Dignity breaking into the house right now.
What's happening?
You guys, you guys are all, yeah.
Okay.
So it's just nighttime.
You guys just left Spizzbulb's house.
He gave you a black bundle of cloth
and you guys were gonna sneak into Tinder's house.
And the bundle of cloth,
he didn't specify what it was.
He said use this in case of emergency,
but also if you use it by the border
or by the barrier,
that bad things would happen.
Don't leave town with it, I think.
It'll break, yeah.
If the barrier's turned on.
But it'll be good in case of emergency
within the boundaries of that thing.
That's what he said.
He didn't really say that much about it,
to be honest.
But that was the implication.
Yep.
That was the inference.
Okay, so where are we standing right now?
You guys are right outside of Spizzbulb's tower,
just kind of in Rosebook in general.
It's really late at night,
like maybe one o'clock, you know.
Well, you and Chris de Burgh
are the stealthy ones.
So, I mean, I could come with,
but I should keep a perimeter.
But we're about to break into
Father Tender's crib right now, right?
Right, yeah.
Okay, so it's me and...
And DeBerg.
And Chris de Burgh.
We're gonna go in and break into this guy's house.
We think he has a power shard.
And we're gonna go break into this guy's house.
I have a teleport cape.
I can't do Kumail, sorry.
Can I bring somebody with me?
I want you to commit to doing a bad Kumail, I suppose.
Commit to being a bad Pakistani.
Who has a teleport cape?
According to my gear, I've got a teleport cape.
I feel like you must have Dan's item sheet.
How did that happen?
I don't know.
What kind of circus are you running here?
Oh, goodness.
Sorry, I just...
Chris de Burgh definitely doesn't have one of those.
Yep.
All right, so, Chris, here's the deal.
I examine the house to look for entrances and exits and stuff.
You see the juicery?
It's a low-ceiling, rectangular building
attached to a larger cylindrical building.
That's like a normal house,
so it's like the juicery is attached to the house.
You see the juicery?
It's got these fine stained glass windows
depicting roses and fruits and decanters and mugs
in great detail.
The rest of the building is dressed in roses
as is tradition around Rosebook.
So, one of the buildings is where the juice is made.
The other one is where Tinder is.
The fudges.
Yeah.
That's around the corner.
One's for milk and one's for lemonade.
Yeah.
If you go around the corner, I think it's fudges.
That's like fudges.
If I put on my goggles of night, do I see anything else?
You can see all sorts of stuff.
That was Rob Schrab helping.
Eeeeeee.
So, yeah, you put on your goggles of night
and you can see clearly in the darkness,
you can see into the juicery where metal and wooden devices
lie dormant inside the juicery.
I go towards the dwelling where Father Tinder lives.
All right, you do that.
You see, well, I mean, they're attached.
It's like the same building.
Okay.
There's two parts of it.
Christopher, you probably have a...
I can turn invisible.
You can turn invisible?
Yeah.
Well, do that, but also you have probably a Thieves kit
where you can break into,
silently break into like a lock and open a door, right?
Okay.
Hey, yeah.
Guys, remember, Sharpie, what are you doing here?
I can't go any further than this.
You're going to wait by the van.
I can't go any further.
He had it in his breast pocket.
Like he patted his breast when he was talking about God's day.
Okay, but I'm slinking back.
Okay.
We go up to the door.
Chris, oh, pick that lock.
That's God's day.
I'm going to turn invisible, pick the lock,
and then look for a breast pocket.
So a prom night.
That's what they call...
That's Steve Tom.
That's him turning invisible.
What's him picking the lock?
What?
What's him picking the lock sound like?
And just like that, the lock is open.
Roger Huebner is in the house.
The lock was a cat's mouth.
Rob, can you open the door,
but also do a chainsaw and a lawn mower at the same time?
Pretty amazing.
That's a joke for three people.
I don't get it.
There was a sound effects guy at Comedy Sports in Milwaukee,
and he's passed now.
He was a...
Hilarious.
He would do sound effects on them.
The referee for Comedy Sports would say,
Roger could do three sound effects at the same time,
but the three sound effects were always...
Like, give me the three sound effects.
This is what it sounded like every night.
Okay, give me three sound effects.
The three sound effects are...
Roger, I'm going to...
It was...
I'm trying to think of what the three were.
I'm going to start a vacuum cleaner,
and then I'm going to start an electric can opener,
and then a chainsaw.
All right.
I think you're going to have to act it out for me to do mine.
So here we go, starting with the vacuum cleaner.
Electric can opener.
Chainsaw.
Amazing!
People would go crazy.
If you've never heard a man hum,
then hum louder, then fart.
Well, it's nice that he has a legacy.
R.A.P., wherever you are.
Rest in peace, Roger Haberler.
He died in the sound booth.
Oh, really?
Did he really?
He died on the job?
Yeah.
Did they record it?
No.
And I'm not making a joke about this.
This is not funny at all!
Stop down and be emotional about this.
They buried him with his microphone.
That's great.
I got to meet him, and I heard him do the thing in the sound effect,
and I was like, that's fucking great.
And they called him Mr. Voice, right?
Mr. Voice?
I think that's the only thing he didn't have.
I think he did. Mr. Sound Effects, probably. Mr. Mouth?
Mouth.
We called our guy Comedy Sports on A, Mr. Voice.
Mouth and a microphone alone.
But he was like, he would make...
A lot of the sound effects sound as wet.
Yeah.
So I'm going to make a peanut butter sandwich.
They sound very fart-like.
Yes.
That's the peanut butter sandwich.
All right, so Spencer...
You want...
Christopher?
Would you want to unlock the door again?
Yes.
Ah, I...
Christopher, we've already opened the door, right?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know.
Okay, so I creep in and examine the surroundings inside the doorway.
Yeah, yeah, you do that.
And inside you see several strange contraptions.
Wooden racks with handles and gears and great wheels.
The walls of the juicery are lined with barrels,
each with roses affixed to the lids and sides.
You see drums of apples, oranges, grapes,
raspberries, bananas, pineapples,
and even the most sinister fruit of all, the pear.
There's a small wooden hatch in the floor
and a small wooden barred gate
joining the juicery and the house part of the building.
I go to the hatch and tell Chris to try to quietly open it.
Which one?
The hatch.
In the floor?
Yes.
All right.
Yeah, okay.
I'm going to quietly open it
and then drop my robot baby in there.
Okay.
Just that's, I'm not discouraging that at all,
but I mean, it's made of metal
and dropping that would make noise.
I mean, do it anyway.
We're trying to break in at night to rob a shard
off a guy's sleeping breast pocket.
But what would it sound like?
You don't know it might not be that loud.
We can't afford to make noises right now, Chris.
It might not be that loud.
We open the hatch and this is the hatch
that adjoins the juicery to the house.
Well, if it's the hatch in the floor, it doesn't.
There's a door and a hatch.
We go to the door.
I want the shard.
I don't care about the juicery.
All right.
You open, wait, wait, you go to the door?
Yes.
You go to the door.
It's locked.
Chris, use your thieves kit.
I'd like to use my thieves kit
and unlock the door while admiring my dragon dick.
Yeah.
Well, it's not on you.
It's just, I think it's in your bag or whatever.
I'll still look at it.
Yeah.
It gives you focus.
It's like an energy drink.
But yeah, well, that's not, I mean, that's a weird reaction.
Anyway, you do it.
It opens.
Chris, Chris, you've got your,
your goggles on, your low light vision stuff.
Yeah.
Lead the way.
Tell me what you see.
I lead the way and tell Jeff what I see.
Quark.
That's right.
What is that noise?
That's his vision.
That's his little light goggles.
Those sound different.
This room is a combination sitting in dining room,
a wooden chair or a wooden table with chairs dominates half
and a small fireplace with nicer cushion chairs dominates
the other half.
You see a small door and also a small enclosed stairwell
leading to the second floor.
The cushions from the chairs.
We're going to attach those to our shoes.
All right.
Okay.
We, we, we make, we, we, Rob.
What does that sound like?
We fashion cushion shoes.
Optimus Prime just came in.
Yeah.
All right.
You guys are playing a CD-ROM video game for kids from the 90s.
I feel like he was probably sleeping upstairs
because the bedroom and the house like this would probably be upstairs.
I, I, I, I use my ears, my, my, my, my Noma here is to,
to detect where the snoring is coming from Spencer.
It's coming from upstairs.
All right.
I, I, I creep, I creep up first and I draw,
and I, I, I draw, um, what's my smallest weapon?
I draw like a, like a dagger or something.
Probably a dagger, yeah.
Yeah.
I, I draw a dagger and walk up the stairs.
Okay.
So before you can get up those stairs, you hear,
you hear a noise.
The stomping of feet and the breaking of glass.
Actually.
Smash, reverse order.
You hear smashing a glass and then,
and then, and then the breaking of the feeding.
That's what you hear.
That sounded much better.
I'm sorry folks.
Then from upstairs you hear a, no, no.
No, no, no.
Oh, he's good.
Um, I, I, I charge up the stairs and kick in the door.
Upstairs you find Father Tinder, Tinder,
sprawled out on the floor covered in blood
that streams from his mouth and face.
What?
He groans weakly.
Are you saying that we've fucking missed this
because we tied cushions to our feet?
He, he groans weakly.
As if in pain.
Do we see, do we see the attacker?
Uh, wait, do you?
Yep.
A shadowy figure wielding a thin fencing foil
is escaping through the broken window
and out to the juicery roof.
I lunge toward him with my dagger in hand
as fast as I can to try to apprehend him and stab him.
All right.
Uh, yeah, you, uh, which, what did you draw?
Dagger.
Okay.
What's the damage on that?
Do I have a dagger?
I don't even know.
It's 1d4 if it's not, if it's non-magic.
Well, actually it's 1d3 since you're small.
Um, yeah, I don't have a dagger in my inventory,
but I'm assuming I've stolen so many knives.
All right.
Leaping after the foe, you catch yourself
on a piece of broken shattered glass
that's on the floor and you slip and fall
and you stab yourself in the stomach.
What?
Three damage to yourself and you fall flat on your face.
Did you roll a one?
Yeah, I sure did.
Piece of shit.
I need new dice.
I, uh, straight up need new dice.
I must do, I'd like to do,
can I do multiple things?
Can I, um, maybe?
I saw something about blinding.
You have a blinding bomb, I think, maybe?
I throw a blinding bomb at him, use my sneak attack,
and then become invisible.
All right, well, you can't sneak attack him.
And then I go by Roth IRA.
And I provide for my family.
And I, and I, and I live a full life.
And wait until I can sell high.
And I have a beautiful funeral.
Well, you can't sneak attack him
because, uh, he, he's not like, he's aware of you somehow.
You're already invisible already
because you made yourself invisible before.
It's true.
Can I use the, uh, can I intensify wins
and push him, try to push him back
into the window he's sneaking out of?
You can, you can do that.
But, uh, yeah.
What does it sound like?
It would sound pretty interesting, I'm sure.
The wins are about that fierce.
It doesn't really affect him at all.
I have to ask at this point, uh, if I,
I'm outside, I'm, I'm positioned at a,
being the microchip to this Punisher Comics adventure.
Yeah.
Like, am I seeing somebody coming out a window?
Curiously, you didn't see, uh,
you didn't see anyone sneak onto the property or whatever.
But wait, we're,
Oh, I didn't see anything.
I don't think my thoughts are audible.
But, uh,
You don't see anything.
You don't see anything,
but you do hear the shattering of glass
as the windows being broken.
It's on the far side of the building.
Sounds like something's breaking over there.
Wait, wait, wait.
At that point, I remember our signal.
What was our signal? I would do what?
Silver dollar. Silver dollar.
But I say twice, right?
You say it a bunch, but in a panic.
I forget the code.
Avenger.
Silver dollar.
It means Avenger's going to go, like,
fly around to the place of the sound.
I want Avenger to do, like, a little drone surveillance.
Avenger's a helicopter.
Um, yeah.
Avenger comes back.
He's like, I saw a small thing
running off.
You don't come back to me. I'm following you.
Oh, sorry about that.
Spencer, from where I'm standing,
am I able to see the guy?
No, it's on the other side of the building
where you guys are standing.
Do I notice anything strange
of somebody who's spent a lot of time
in good old Rose Book?
Not other than hearing the shattering
of glass on the other side of the glass.
Mesh.
Alright, well, I stand
and I stew
because this is a conundrum.
I want to protect these people,
but they're also stealing.
So I feel very guilty.
Guilt.
And I take a gold piece
out of my pocket.
I put it in my mouth and spit it up into the air
and hit it on my heel and then throw it on the ground.
Alright.
I'm running. I'm running to a Avenger.
I'm using Avenger to, like,
we had an agreement with Avenger.
I'm not...
My character isn't my weight.
You don't have to make it sound like
a kid from a hot dog commercial.
That's how they sell hot dogs.
I didn't lose my ice cream at a storm drain.
You can stow the tubas.
Thank you.
My character's built like Stephen Merchant
just for the record.
I had a deal with Avenger.
Avenger's following the thing
faster than I can.
I'm following Avenger.
You have a deal.
Okay, so you give chase.
Until you see what looks
like a massive ice crystal
in the middle of the street,
you find six armed guards standing
frozen in a combination of terror
and magic.
Shimmering force energy
kind of traps them in place
and they can't move at all in case
there's a glowing glass life substance.
I mean, this is about
what I predicted, if I'm honest.
I note
that distraction, but I continue on.
I'm chasing the...
You continue on
towards Mrs. Darne Vaughn's house.
Welcome.
Let's cut to the inside
of the house.
What's happened in there?
The attacker that killed
or at least tried to assail
Father Tinder has left the building.
Oh, he's gone.
Is that who Sharpie is chasing right now?
Yes.
I get up off of my ass
and I examine Father Tinder
to see if the shard is still in his breast pocket.
You don't find any breast pockets.
Is he alive?
Yeah, he's grown in weekly.
I say, Father Tinder, what happened?
I was attacked by...
It was that goddamn gnome.
Fizzbulb?
I don't know his name. Fizzbam?
Stefan?
It's Fizzbulb. He attacked you?
Oh, man, yeah.
Are you okay?
I'm a gnome, but I'm on your side, man.
Don't murder me.
You come to finish the job.
Um, I fuck him.
Um...
For real, though?
Yeah, I fuck him.
I grab him and I say,
Father Tinder, in your weekend state...
In your weekend state...
I'm going to tell you this.
I never liked you.
I fucking never liked you to begin with.
I think you've been dishonest with us
from the fucking outset.
So I...
I hold him kind of tenderly,
like Patrick Swayze style, by the head.
And I just... I just missionary fuck him.
I intensify the winds
while this is going on.
I hear what's going on
down on the ground,
and I run into the tower
to stop it.
You burst in and see a grizzly scene unfolding
before you.
Gnome! Gnome, you didn't do this.
Look at me.
Gnome, look at me.
I'm looking at you.
Don't look at me.
Alright, look at the ground.
I'm looking at you while fucking
Father Tinder right now.
Alright, fine. I'm going to look.
Father Tinder, don't fight me.
Help me.
I want you to reach into the bottom part of your soul,
and I want you to just...
I already am. Please don't.
I want you to stir up
the seeds of goodness.
I want you to...
I already am.
No.
He's about to be filled with my seeds of goodness.
Stop talking. Stop it.
Alright, I just... Please, please don't do this.
You're going to...
It's too late. It's already happened.
I want you to intervene
and pull Quark
off of poor Mr. Tinder.
Father, alright.
He comes right out with a pop.
You've rested him out.
Father Tinder, I know that
nothing that I can say can repair
the damage that has been done,
but at night
I want you to look
for your seeds
of healing.
I start fucking him again.
I kick him you off again.
I lie on top of Father Tinder
like a sweet...
No, you don't.
You're dominated physically
by dignity.
Yeah, and so I flip you over
and I turn you on your stomach.
I'm trying to fuck everybody right now.
I'm fucking anything that moves.
I'm on top of you
just shushing in your ear
and I use...
I'm trying to fuck it.
Where's the diplomacy?
I use diplomacy.
I go into barbarian fuck rage.
No, I said mine first.
Fuck rage.
You...
You do that
going into a barbarian rage
and maybe it's the stab wound
you've just inflicted,
but you still are too weak
and small.
I use...
I use diplomacy
and I get
my face right in your tiny little
baby ear
and I say,
look,
if you mess with me again
I'm going to take your dreams.
I'm going to eat your dreams.
I'm going to feed them.
I cast who gives a shit.
Alright, thanks, Jeff.
I'm going to...
So I use diplomacy
to convince him
that I'm not to be trifled with.
Well, being in a barbarian rage
he can't hear reason, I'm afraid.
Okay, so I'm going to...
I'm just going to tie...
Is there a closet in the room or anything?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, I'm going to throw him in the closet.
I'm right over here, in the closet.
No, no, no, not Father Tender.
I'm going to...
I'm going to throw
quirk into the closet
and then I'm going...
Put him in here with me!
I see you have something called magic bracers.
Could I use that to keep the door closed?
They're just armor.
They're like magical armor.
The door up against the...
The bed up against the door.
I say to Dignity Sarsgard, who we just met,
look,
we never liked this guy.
There's a power shard that's been stolen, I think,
by somebody else. We have bigger fish to fry.
There's no reason fighting in here.
We should go get the person we're getting.
Also,
Fuck Father Tender, he's an asshole.
He's never been good to anybody.
I think he's probably one of the bad people in town.
Let's go rape this.
Whoever said that,
I'm going to come over there and rape you right now.
Live action,
fucking role-playing. I'm going to larp,
rape you right now.
Oh boy.
Oh yeah, rape you now.
Alright, let's have a little
meanwhile outside.
Yes, okay, alright. I'm running and chasing the guy.
You're running and chasing!
That's how it sounds!
You find yourself outside
Darmvan household.
The Darmvan household.
You see that one of the walls,
the wall nearest you has a massive hole in its
side. It's a strange,
pentagonal shape that must have been cut
by one of the sharpest blades in history.
It's so clean this cut.
Massive chunks of
hewn stone lie in the grass
on the ground.
I guess that's what grass is.
I wasn't already outside the Darmvan house.
No, you were heading towards there.
That was your heading.
Well, I just want to continue to chase
the entity. Well, it looks like that's where
it's gone. It's gone to the...
Oh, the Darmvan...
I'm sorry, I got confused there. I apologize.
Okay, oh, I charge
a lot through the pentagonal...
I got confused about Darmvan. Yeah, okay.
Sorry about that. I charge through that
pentagonal
egress. How does that sound?
Not that ego. Well, that's wrong.
I'm sorry. I wasn't listening.
Inside... What were you doing?
No, you're good.
Hang back. Okay.
Inside is a scene of... Standing by.
Inside is a scene of
devastation. Everything is a skew
or exploded or cut in half.
Furniture, walls, doors,
all more bikes.
These oddly clean
cuts.
Those things don't make sounds.
There's things that don't make sounds.
Most things don't make sounds, I'd say.
But these do.
A lot of smell. I feel like
my position on this was clear. A lot of your favorite movies
would be ruined by this.
If every clue in
7 was like, I'm a fat guy,
if it's dead, I'm a head in a box.
What's in the box? I told you I'm a head.
Those weren't podcasts.
They sure weren't.
John Doe has the upper hand. I'm his upper hand!
Oh!
I'm up here!
Notes after the show.
After the show.
So, yeah, all those things I just said.
Everything is just a strewn and cut
in half and into pieces. You see,
a splintered door appears to be one
of the only things not hacked to pieces.
Instead, maybe just exploded
or smashed somehow.
Mrs. Darvott! You hear no response.
Mrs. Darvott, I go to the door
and kick at it.
Inside, you see a grisly sight.
The corpse
of Mrs. Darvott.
Jesus Christ!
In a mound of silvery-forced
energy!
Really?
Oh, yuck!
Oh, shit!
There we go.
Spencer just took away Rob's mic.
In cased in a mound
of silvery-forced energy
dripping with blood, her head clean
cut off at the neck.
You see another small body lying on the floor,
a pillar of force extending out of the
cracked ground where the head should be.
Blood spills across the floor
and standing in the window sill
as the small shadowy figure.
Here you can recognize him clearly.
It's Spisbull, the gnome, all in black
ninja gear.
Spisbull, fuck!
You fuckers!
That's what you get!
Yeah?
Well, here's what you get. Fireball!
Okay, so
he stands stock still
completely laughing and not able to
dodge, but as your fireball
impacts where his face should be, you see
a dazzling flash of white
light and in an instant it's gone,
disappeared and he looks happy.
You see a crackle and a
fizz as a sort of white shimmering
barrier kind of shimmers out of
existence in front of him.
Fuck! All right.
You fuckers!
I use my teleport cape to teleport to behind
him. All right, you do that.
And then
I... Just give me one second.
Give me one second.
Fuck, I don't have any fucking... Make it big
because we're close to the end. I need
like a diffuse magic kind of thing.
I don't have anything like that.
I just...
I'm behind him. I'm successfully behind
him. I'm just going to
try to cause fear on him.
All right. You do that.
And I go, hey!
Hey!
He turns around
seemingly unaffected by
your action. Fuck!
He's not afraid. He... Your dice
are broken, man. Yeah, no, they're fucked up.
I'll take some dice if anyone has them.
But he
waves his hands in a magical manner and
you see a sheet, a rectangular
sheet of force energy start to
pull a lesson to existence
above his hand.
It gets bigger.
I run.
You run. Yeah.
He launches it directly.
Someone actually has dice. He launches it
directly at you and you dodge
out of the way.
It smashes and slices a clean
cut through a wall
and continues going on. Chop!
Meanwhile, outside
or wherever, what are you guys doing?
I've jumped out of the window
stopping, uh, raping, uh...
Wait, did that actually happen?
No, I never got in the closet.
You were physically
forced into it. Yeah, I
break out and follow
the trail of action towards
where the guy... Does he break out?
I pushed the bed up against the
close door. No, you
break your wrist.
So it's not just my dice.
It's not just my dice. That was
a one. Yeah.
I jumped out of the... So Dignity
Strasgard has put me in the closet when I'm trying to help
my friend Sharpie out? Well, you were trying to rape someone.
Yes, that's why I put you in the closet.
Because you were being so helpful.
But yeah. Batteries hit in the door.
You break your wrist. You were doing shit.
Well, she's a paladin. Yeah, but she's an asshole. They're like police.
I don't like her. Well, I mean, a police wouldn't let
that happen. I don't like the police.
I don't like police. Fuck the police.
But you know what? TV dramas are about
them. Yeah.
I don't watch those shows. Not about rapists.
I don't rape people. I just fuck people.
I use my climbing kit and my fast
stealth and try to follow the trail.
You do that. You follow the trail.
I follow behind. Am I agile enough
to follow behind? Oh yeah, totally.
I'm in the closet making a private
decree to kill Dignity Strasgard
under any circumstances.
I make her my own target.
Well, your promise is so powerful that
the door opens.
That time I got a turn.
I don't know what's happening today
with these days.
I also apologize before I left. Is that cool?
Yeah, no. That happened.
The guy that Jeff was fucking...
I yell out. We have to help Sharpie right now.
He's alone. We have to... We're ahead
of you. We're doing that. Yeah, you're great.
I love this argument that I stopped you raping
so I'm a bad person.
Yeah, so you guys are all converging
on the location.
But who knows what will happen
in the future?
No, don't fucking fucking...
cliffhanger us now.
We have to have an actual cliffhanger.
Well, it seems like a cliffhanger.
You're kind of racing towards this deadly murderer who's...
But Dan is there, right? Sharpie is there.
And he's escaping. He's running away in terror
last I checked. Oh, stop!
Leave me alone!
Oh, stop! Stop it!
I'm running away! Stop!
Ow! Stop!
Stop it! Please! Please!
I was just running.
Please, I'm running so fast!
I'm running! I'm running! Stop it!
Oh, God! Please!
Oh, please! Stop!
Ow! Ow!
Ow, my ass!
My ass! Please, stop!
Stop it!
Stop it! You guys are cool.
Thank you for coming to Harmon Channel, everybody.
Rob Schrupp.
Willie Roberts.
I didn't know it went really well.
Erin McGathy.
Our bartender, Sarah.
Spencer Crittenden.
And I'm Jeff Davis. Your mayor is Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much for coming.
Drive fast and take chances.
Oh, my God!
Please!
What we have made is real.
We are inside of you.